Pioneering where the need is greater
wasn’t easy.
After a long day in service,
I had a part to work on.
Thankfully, Jess took care of everything,
so I could focus on my part.
She’s the best!
Poor thing, she was exhausted.
Good thing we were turning in early.
William and I couldn’t agree on much lately.
We couldn’t afford this!
There had to be something cheaper,
but he wouldn’t listen.
Sometimes, I feel that my husband
doesn’t make the best decisions.
I just wish he’d value my suggestions.
Frankly, I’ve given up trying.
“Just as Sarah obeyed Abraham,
calling him lord.”
Hebrews chapter 11 and Isaiah chapter 51
also cite Sarah as a fine example
for Christian wives.
But Christian husbands
can also learn much
from carefully examining . . .
Hmm.
Sarah’s example: for me.
“Sarah was willing to move to parts unknown
A life fraught with danger and hardship.”
She unselfishly supported Abraham
no matter what
—just like my Jessica.
She does without, never complains
—what a gem!
I can do better letting her know
just how precious she is to me.
Sarah submissively obeyed her husband,
but she also spoke up.
She loved her son,
and she knew what was at stake
—God’s promises through Isaac.
Even though she knew it would upset Abraham,
she spoke up.
She must have thought carefully
before speaking to him.
After all, she called him “lord.”
Jehovah blessed her
for her loyal support of Abraham,
even reminding him to listen to her.
I knew I couldn’t expect Jehovah
to whisper in my husband’s ear.
But did my speech show respect like Sarah’s?
I needed to tell him how I felt,
but I needed to do it the right way.
That night we spoke,
and little by little
things started to improve.
Imitating Sarah really worked.